docs/index.md, before:

---
page_title: "Provider: QIP"
description: |-
  Resource and data provider for Nokia QIP.
---

# Nokia QIP Provider

The provider for Nokia QIP will allow you to retrieve metadata from QIP or manage IPv4 addresses including their DNS names.

Features:

- Data sources for `qip_v4address` and `qip_v4subnet`
- Manage addresses with `qip_v4address`

<!-- TODO: when published
Also see the Terraform module [qip-address](https://github.com/Vitesco-Technologies/terraform-module-qip-address).
-->

Build based on the Swagger API documentation that should be available with your QIP instance: `https://qip.example.com.com/rest-api/`

## Example

```terraform
provider "qip" {
  server   = "https://qip.example.com"
  org      = "Example"
  username = "admin"
  password = "admin"
}

terraform {
  required_providers {
    qip = {
      source  = "Vitesco-Technologies/qip"
      version = ">0"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `org` (String) Organization name inside QIP (e.g. Example). (env: `QIP_ORG`)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to authenticate against the QIP REST API. (env: `QIP_PASSWORD`)
- `request_timeout` (Number) Timeout of HTTP requests of the provider in seconds.
- `server` (String) Base URL of the QIP Server (e.g. https://qip.example.com). (env: `QIP_SERVER`)
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate against the QIP REST API. (env: `QIP_USERNAME`)

Commit message:

docs: add link to qip module

docs/index.md, after:

---
page_title: "Provider: QIP"
description: |-
  Resource and data provider for Nokia QIP.
---

# Nokia QIP Provider

The provider for Nokia QIP will allow you to retrieve metadata from QIP or manage IPv4 addresses including their DNS names.

Features:

- Data sources for `qip_v4address` and `qip_v4subnet`
- Manage addresses with `qip_v4address`

Also see the Terraform module [qip-address](https://github.com/Vitesco-Technologies/terraform-module-qip-address),
which also can be found as [Vitesco-Technologies/qip-address on the Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/Vitesco-Technologies/qip-address/module/latest).

Build based on the Swagger API documentation that should be available with your QIP instance: `https://qip.example.com.com/rest-api/`

## Example

```terraform
provider "qip" {
  server   = "https://qip.example.com"
  org      = "Example"
  username = "admin"
  password = "admin"
}

terraform {
  required_providers {
    qip = {
      source  = "Vitesco-Technologies/qip"
      version = ">0"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `org` (String) Organization name inside QIP (e.g. Example). (env: `QIP_ORG`)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to authenticate against the QIP REST API. (env: `QIP_PASSWORD`)
- `request_timeout` (Number) Timeout of HTTP requests of the provider in seconds.
- `server` (String) Base URL of the QIP Server (e.g. https://qip.example.com). (env: `QIP_SERVER`)
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate against the QIP REST API. (env: `QIP_USERNAME`)
